February 26th, 2020


11:43 pm

So today fell to shit once again. I've found myself familiarly looking at examples of the seemingly hyper successful, and feeling sad or melancholy that I'll seemingly never attain that level of success. Of course, it's been hashed before that our perceptions of their success are meaningless and inaccurate, and also that if it's something out of our reach it doesn't matter whatsoever. I'm finding peace again with the stoic mind, that all we have is that which is in our control. This deep angst, or cry for some form of salvation. I come back to it not infrequently, an undirected love aching for direction. I'm inclined to think my feelings this time are different and more relevant, but it's so obviously familiar that logically I know they can't be. I feel inadequate. Like, so what I can become a social fiend – my attempts at standup have been crap thus far, I can't even write a single bit. I think for that I have to just go and do it. 



12:11am 

So after writing that last bit I signed up for the Rutgers standup and saw a message from Ethan from Israel. I then saw some stuff from Bayley, Ellie, Evie, and ultimately Lucy, who's now doing standup which is interesting. It reminded me of those shit years, really being representative of the majority of my shit life. That sadness and malcontent has returned,  and with it the striving for something better. It's interesting though, because this desire for greatness wasn't prompted for the sake of it, but because of perceiving others and considering how they perceive me. Or, alternatively, because of how much they've accomplished while I've pissed away. Even in the wake of my recent progress, I still end up pissing away my life. I feel stagnant. 

	Perhaps there's some excitement in that malcontent because it usually signifies a motivational boost for the better. In truth, my more recent spurs of success and motivation were prompted by that same feeling. Jordan Peterson and other sources of wisdom will say “compare yourself to who you were yesterday, not who someone else is today” but that sounds like bull to me. We are all people, all with seemingly similar enough capability. If someone can do something and accomplish something while I'm pissing away in the dust – why shouldn't I feel like crap. Feeling like crap is the only way I find peace. I do feel so stagnant lately though. My physique is stagnating, my academic progress is stagnating. Perhaps even my game is stagnating. Is my life really underscored by stagnation? Can't we say I made progress in this field or that? Perhaps a little bit, but then don't I get caught up in ego, in reaping the rewards of what I sowed and, in error, close down the bloody farm right as the yield was getting good? Lets look back at some of those facebook things again, as this melancholy and depression is fleeting, and I feel it is what gives me peace and strength. 

	In conclusion. Be sad. Sadness is a good thing. Exercise love for others, but also for excellence. Demand it. Feel the immense suffering and pain present in this world without demanding excellence. Let us not forget however, that exercising certain emotions in themselves is part of the demands of excellence. When with others we must demand of ourselves happiness, or seriousness, or whatever the occasion calls for that we may maximize the interaction to our benefit. Don't be sad and mopey all the time, but in our most intimate moments, when I am faced only with myself and God, only and always then must I be sad, must I feel that melancholy which motivates me toward greatness, Man's defense against existential suffering. 

1:12 am

After reading more of my past journals, it seems highly likely to me that every bout of motivation, contentment, and zealous truth we feel and go through are all generated through that sadness or malcontent. That striving for better, that realization of “yes, I am a worthless piece of fucking trash”. I'm become only more convinced that existential sadness is the best way to live, that we may be sad without suffering, and see in our melancholy the truer nature of our existence and of God. 



