February 19th, 2020


8:00 am

Yesterday we scheduled a meet with Anushka, I went to her place expecting to smash. What actually happened is I meandered for 45 minutes while she got ready, then I drove her to her train. I made out with her and played with her tits, but it ended up being very beta. I just kept trying to escalate and she kept trying to shut it down. We could feel deep in our soul that we were sacrificing our values for the temptation of pussy. That can never happen again. 

	Ok, but what should we have done? Once we got to the point where she wasn't going to fuck, what were we to do? We could have said we had to go, and leave. No, not that we had to, that we are going to. Our social charm is more powerful than we think. Be nice, say nice things, exercise love and caring for the other, then **do what you want to do anyway, act within your interests**. “Listen, Anushka, I want you to have a safe trip, to enjoy your time in New York. I'm gonna go, … Yea I'll let you finish getting ready for your trip. Bye, I'll see you at date night”. 

	We can't be ashamed, or expect her to be mad at us, if all we do is fuck. I must maintain that distance because she will undoubtedly cheat on me if we enter a relationship. I feel as if I'm typing that only out of principle now, and as if I really don't believe it. That I believe she has the restraint to be loyal. But that's the issue, even if she were loyal, that loyalty would be out of restraint – nothing else. It would not be out of a genuine desire for loyalty, it would not be because I'm truly the only guy she desires. And yet, the love I would project onto her would be grounded on myself being her only desire. Claiming her for myself. To this false aim I would forego everything, all of my mission. This perception of reproductive actualization would be a false god to which I subordinate everything else. After all, reproduction is a primary goal of a being, worthy of subordinating all other actualizations to. Except, reproduction is off the table with this woman. I would only be fooling myself. And, perhaps, in every sexual encounter I'm fooling myself. 

	I've been fucking for pleasure or clout or a search for meaning I suppose, but very clearly, it makes sense, sex is for reproduction. Because of its absence in my life prior it felt like something I need to explore, but thus explored we should treat it as a known thing. What is the benefit of fucking? Certainly, it's superior to fapping, so we ought to fuck instead of fap when we need to fap. But do we need to fap? Coming from a perspective not of “I can't have this”, but “Do I want this?”, I don't know if it's necessary to ejaculate every so often. 

	Our philosophy of fucking, and therefore all female relations, may then be this. Find the optimal amount of sex to facilitate our mission, and pursue women only to fulfill that quantity. But, what of the ideas that a woman completes your animus with her anima? Is this so essential? What even is this idea? Would it even apply to random women, or could it only be facilitated by a single competent one whom you know deeply and for a long time? Would I even be able to attain such a woman at Rutgers?  

	After reading some pook, I do believe we've arrived at a solution. That is, casual dating. Women, in this way, serve two purposes. Sex, and fun dates and/or activities preceding sex. Sex is a very important aspect of this, and if not sex at least she must blow you. Not because we so desire to cum all the time, but as a respect. Any woman who doesn't do this, is not worth a date. 

	Leaving this journal, I'm thinking if I enjoy Nirali's photos I may take her to my datenight. I need to consider things in a perspective excluding the possibility of who will fuck me. Idk, I'm still rather jumbled. 



