February 6th, 2020


12:03 am (night of Feb 5th)

I was very close to fapping tonight. I found myself trying to remember why I didn't and very vaguely connecting with that yearning for something better. The intense sadness and malcontent I've felt in the past. Has my life really that much improved from then? Sure, I've gained some amount of productivity and career success, though not to a standard I would really hope or enjoy enthusiastically. I've gained an amount of social success and have slept with women finally, but I still don't have any consistent sex and my frat brothers don't really respect me. I'm still socially quite broken. Physically I've gotten much better, but even when I do hit abs I don't think all that much will be different. 

	Perhaps we know from past that whatever you are seeking doesn't exist. Whatever we achieve becomes the new default, and a greater achievement is yearned for. It's true, we've been through this logic, the journey itself must be the destination. Well fuck, that really doesn't lead to any solution – but there must be a solution. 

	Start again. I was close to fapping, and then I thought on why I didn't in the past, and slightly reconnected with that intense emotion, that yearning for something better, that initially prompted me to pursue it. My life was such trash back then, and maybe to a large extent it still is. Well, have we ever really gone all out to break out of the shit hole? I don't think so. Maybe we've attempted it, but we didn't really commit. Lets clarify some components of the best life we can live right now and see where it goes. 

1- Work hard, effectively, creatively, and sufficiently. Get shit done, express yourself. 

2- Make yourself sexy, fit, an attractive personage. 

3- Read books, to make yourself interesting and to explore with your mind interesting things. To interact, also, with the world. 

4- Take up an art form? Some mode of self expression? What would I feasibly take up? I think writing. We can start with short stories for fun, see where it goes. Goal is to convey an emotion. Further on this point, perhaps the secret to social interaction is that it, itself, is an art form, arbitrary but still requiring the artists hand to make beautiful. 

From this ideal, what are perhaps practical steps to be taken?

Firstly, we can say we need to get all our work in order. Prepare for software meth stuff tomorrow. Finish studying algo, really understand it. 

Second, we can say continue to gym, eat right, etc. But our diet is out of control in regards to cough drops and gum. Cut it all out. We shouldn't need it, if you don't have it you simply wont need it. Also, we should be strict on our calories restriction. No need for protein shakes during off days, I think. Barbecue sauce is also literally just corn syrup. Out. Bread with hummus chicken is a meal. Two pieces of bread is ok I think, otherwise we crave the carbs. Lets up the cardio, however. When we do 2 a days we really feel proper. 

Third, on reading, this has always been tough. We need to implement strong goals here. Start with 30 minutes a day after a meal. 

Fourth, writing. Come up with ideas for 20 minutes maybe. Right before a meal. This can be put off if we really want.



