February 3rd, 2020


7:58 am

The current status is, yesterday I was mostly unproductive though I went to the gym. I got tired after a bit and tried to sleep around 6pm. I couldn't sleep and fapped, then fapped 3 more times ultimately to porn. 

I think that failure, as failure usually is, was an inevitable surfacing of a deeper issue, though how much deeper I'm not sure. I wasn't very focused last week and certainly felt the low level lobster status I've created for myself at the frat. That feeling of being underscored by anger, it has always lead to trouble. To some extent I've lost touch with some motivation I might remember having a few weeks ago. Just by acting out the motions, however, I'm again starting to see the apparent incentive. I'm feeling uncertain, however. My fear is that this uncertainty will lead me to give in when things inevitably get tough, if only for a short while. 

One motivation which seemed promising is a view of the world as a blank canvas. Every consciousness is a painter, we can put colors here or there. You can dick around for a while, painting in circles because it's fun, or you can put your efforts towards a deliberate art. The question then comes, I suppose, what's the point of doing either, and we're back in the same nihilistic loop. 



After reading some of my previous journals, perhaps investigating the motivation I had that prompted me to get my shit back together at new years, I've become quite content with just the calm of it all. The tranquility. Why do work, provide for yourself, keep moving forward? Well, simply that we might enjoy the climb higher, and take security in the fact that as long as we move forward we will be free of most worry. 

Why relieve yourself of addictions and pleasures? Because they bring worry, they threaten your tranquility. But this itself, ironically being of tranquility, brings to me some worry that it isn't sufficient incentive or motivation that my life won't fall apart again. Needn't there be some positive incentive, rather than negative? Do we not need to run towards, instead of away, from something (or at least do both)? One thing missing from this equation, I think, is people. We've sworn off our frat brothers as a defense and logical, automatic response to their seeming rejection of us, but we must maintain that, perhaps within some merely practically objective truth (to address a Buddhist emptiness), this rejection is self caused and has potential to be rectified. If they are not the problem, but I am, then long term I should be able to rectify myself and refriend and reincorporate them into my life, and most importantly any potential person of similar value, status, and modes of interaction. 

In short, we had sworn off the pursuit of high value (socially) since those of high value rejected us. But, really, we should be pursuing high value, even if at present we are rejected by the high value society, and their favor is seemingly impossible to re-attain. For one, we should be pursuing high value with others besides those that have witnessed you in the shit. High value transcends the fraternity, it is with all people. It's true, the fraternity is a concentration of high value people, however there's more besides Rutgers. I've taken a position that people in the fraternity are almost fundamentally different from those outside it, not because of a hazing or anything like that, but because they are social and can interact warmly, socially, and irrationally – something you don't see in most people. They have fun, and maintain high value. This capacity, however, even if not expressed in most people, I must believe is present in everyone. And, further, as a result there are high value individuals from whom to attain and express your own value that are worthwhile. Further, the frat will inevitably become less important in my life after I graduate, and my own value will shine through the circles I enter and maintain later in my career. I should then build myself up into a valuable individual by my own standards. My physical manifestation, itself, being the canvas. Build my mind, my mannerisms, my body, my possessions into an art piece of a person. Design it like an artist would his art. 



