April 15th, 2019


10:30 pm

It's time, once again, to attempt to get my life on track. Seeing the fruits of success, not just of being top lobster, but of developing powerful emotions with other people, creating a thus powerful bond. When looking at my last lecture, of my losing weight and how far I've come, I was then motivated to pursue the greatness I once had. Looking at me in that attractive body is especially so appealing. It represents value. It represents social acceptance, a security necessary for greatness. Looking at Mazlows hierarchy, hitting social acceptance unlocks new things. Upgrading 10% up the line moves you 50% up in productivity. I think we were most successful when we did cold showers at 5:30 every morning. Tomorrow when we wake up and nominally can't fathom reality, remember greatness. Remember how good it felt when we were offered by Marshall, how good it felt to feel a powerful powerful emotion, in both sharing your vulnerabilities with others and in being accepted thereafter. It is a love, for all of it. You can find love for God, it is there. For the love of God pursue it. 



The new plan: 

Essentially, I think we had a very good thing going with the cold showers and lifting program, let's try to get back on that. 

Morning routine:

Wake up 5:30

Cold Shower

Pray

Write something motivating, something real. A journal entry is good. For now those will be in consolidated, later can be moved if it works. 

Run – don't kill yourself but sweat. 

Take a 20 minute break, listen to music or do something creative though lets stay away from youtube. Reddit is ok. Smoking a pipe would be alright if the occasion permits ( longer break needed). If new episode of OPM is out that too is ok, only that though. This is short, not so long. 

Go to library and get to work. On the breaks here, do something that isn't IG (Immediate Gratification). Maybe even a power nap.

Diet:

Full kosher at the dining halls, so no cheese anything. No sugar or obviously unhealthy stuff. Simple carbs only if you have to. Try to get protein in. 

Exercise:

4x cardio and 2x weights I do think is a good system. Lets keep it. 

General restrictions:

Big things to avoid are youtube/reddit/IG, sugar/food pleasure, breaking Tora, and poor values. 



