April 24th, 2019

Day 0: 

11:22pm

We knew on Monday what we were writing was a bunch of whoreshit, it was simply better to explore what we have than remain with nothing. There is no such thing as my “nature”, and Jordan Peterson's bleak view is dark dump of bullshit. What you experience now is, in part, a product of your past behaviors. To do what is right and just, what brings meaningful existence and contentment to the mind, what best enables you to serve God, to do what makes you more than another worthless pile of crap among worthless piles of crap, is an amount of hard work. It is neither struggle nor rest, to characterize behaviors incorrectly as such is to project human conception on reality and therein skew our behavioral adjustments. A plan must be made with discipline, for try as we might the mind cannot always be in “prophetic” awareness of seeing clearly and truly. There must be ritual, discipline, and blind trust to bolster being when the mind is weakened or physically limited. Drawing from Goggins, we will make a plan of discipline now, realization later. Our undisciplined, fap stricken, candy weakened, lethargically inclined, nihilistic, and shrouded mental and physical state is not ready (or feasibly capable) of proper realization, and as a result we are throwing what is logically immensely valuable, perhaps even all that is valuable, down the toilet. There will be toil and struggle and hardship and horror, but it will lead to the wisdom for which we are so desperate. To see we must first claw away the tumors impeding our vision, tumors that have been there for 20 years. 



The plan:

Wake up at 5:30 in the morning. A new environment builds new routine.

Cold shower an incrementing amount, then pray, then meditate, then exercise. 

A schedule be made and followed, with 1 hour of school studying dedicated each day excluding 24+ hour holidays. 

3 meals a day of bland or healthy foods. 

Reddit will be allowed for r/nofap as it helps in reforming my mind to discipline others as I should myself. Otherwise, no videos that aren't educational, no Facebook YouTube Snapchat etc. Bring certain social platforms back on later when we are responsible. This will be more explicitly fleshed out as we encounter issues. 



