October 23rd, 2018

day 0: 

12:24 next day

It has struck me that I am 1) acting as if I am different somehow than the average redpilled AFC but further that in my pursuit of perfection I am limiting myself. A powerful true is that the pitfalls of indecision are far greater than those of a wrong decision. Stop waiting for the perfect mindset to come, and start pursuing it. It's ok, you can always change your mind.  Right now, simply begin to internalize the lessons. Ah, but what's re the lessons. This is a a difficult question, the behavior is not so stone. There are a few lessons I'm confident in accepting as the teaching, however. Firstly, my goals and relevant considerations before all others. Talking to Afam was not only counterproductive to this purpose, it was my own childish pursuit of comfort. It feels good to be smart, to speak in a domain of which you are knowledgeable, but this is not where you will learn. Save it for dinner parties, not for the dorm room. During that time you should've been studying. Incorporate that right now. Additionally, I don't send good reason to befriend girls. You want to have sex, so only talk to girl who you think will provide what you seek. Maytar and Luigi have already situated you as beta, as have all the chabad girls. To hell with them, they no longer matter. At this point, I shouldn't even pursue girls – no this is perhaps a cop out. I shouldn't really pursue friends that aren't valuable. Have a good time with girls? Sure, but not even at the slightest expense of my own goals. Don't care about them, not even a little.

I fear this journal entry, seemingly like many others, will be yet another wall of text that will fade away, lost in time. This is to address a constant throughout my life – I don't pay attention. I never take anything as true, thus I never remember anything. My frame falls apart because everything is fallible, always. I must now adopt the new view, what you observe is truth. Why? Because God would not create false truth. There we have it. Take it as iron rule that people behave as they do. Start to finally Garner experience from which we can truly learn and apply. Go with it until it's wrong. 



