October 12th, 2018

day 1: 

9:19 am

Oh boy wasn't a relapse in the end. Nofap, but felt an urge and watched anime all night. I killed myself. I skipped Buddhism class. I need to be strict this Shabbat. Don't go to the gym, or should I? I'm afraid I'll go and be pooped and then succumb to hunger and garbage. Maybe it is the gym that will enable me to not succumb. This is a good time to check past journals.

10:26 am

Well. After reading the past journals, starting from the very beginning almost a year ago in december, I'm not quite sure how to begin, or even what it is I'm beginning. I noticed back then I was much more analytical. The genius I purported to utilize was this analytical, hyper observant quality. Even now though, I am still conforming to stereotypes and tropes, This sort of monologueish disenchanted writer who has come to accept some fate, even going as far to consider the sound of the keyboard in the silence as harboring some symbollic value of this fact( in that it contributed to my assignment of this specific trope). Before, I was very open. It came to me while reading that this was perhaps because I had annihilated the identity I once was and had great freedom in fleshing myself out, only for this freedom to taper with a diminishing return of growth. I am then prompted to reject this idea, that I am capable of that same growth now if I only choose to do that growth. Now I'm quite tired, I have a headache. This is surely attributed to the horrible binge of pleasure I had last night. 

	I felt I should have some sort of retrospection since I now have finally passed my prior streak of nofap, but I don't think we need to much of a retrospection, we simply need to learn from the past in addressing our past failure, and string of failures. Let us begin the diagnosis.

	First, I was pursuing women, pursuing especially normalcy. My emotional state juggled between girls and social normalcy (Sexual Market Value essentially) to academic success and the right path of a “based” individual. I then in large part abandoned God in favor of SMV. This, being a suitable god for goyim, is not for a Jew. What seemed to bring me happiness in the past was simply a truer, stricter following of monk mode. It was an alleviation to anxiety. And yet again, I feel the anxiety of not having a girlfriend, of not being in life as a baseline what a man “ought to be”. Before this would lead to the conclusion, “ I need to get a girlfriend, I need to be succesful in academics, I need to be a based individual.” Is this what will really give us happiness though? For now, we will assume I need to be content in order to be happy, and this contentment will come form long term, permanent success. Why not simply befriend mathematics, simply befriend programmiong, academic success. This seems to me to be the most stress free solution I can fathom. Have all things be secondary to this success. To yourself, in other words. Build for yourself a large cushion of comfort. That isn't to say a bed of pleasures, but a strong and stable raft, one with padding that is high and will protect you from the turbulent waters of failure. There will then be a desire, or more accurately the capacity for an inclination, to liquidate this boat for pleasure. To sell your sail for videogames, to sell your hull for the prospect of sex, to sell your oars for sexual market value – validation by others. Don't do this. Not doing this also requires a reevaluation. Before, there value was in their liquidity as pleasure, but this is not where there true value is. There value is in their use. Use the boat to keep you afloat. Use it to keep you comfortable, high on your cruiseship which is steady enough to build a ladder to god. While the lost goyim squabble on rafts, doing the bare minimum to keep themselves afloat to liquidate the next asset they acquire, the wise man will continually build his ark. Higher and higiher, stronger and more stable. Once it is suitable enough to for god, he will not liquidate it, not ever, but instead stay atop this vessel in the pursuit of god and the training of his children in this pursuit. 

	I must be the same way. I will build my vessel, not liquidating it for friends, for food, for pleasures of intimacy and longings of the heart. Even now, I yet feel a need for intimacy. This is a good oppurtunity to analyze this feeling. It creates an excitement, an exit of frame to one higher. This demands more urgency. The end of this demand seems to be a child, and then life. Life together, as a family, this is the ultimate demand. Look upon this emotional longing. Look upon its futility. See it for what it is, a façade. I long for the skies yet my vessel is bloody sinking! How foolish it would be to build a ladder at this time. Further, the fathomable points to pursue before me are not even the real ones I seek. I would be dissapointed only to find these islands built on foundations of mud, sinking to nothing and leaving me stranded without a boat, for I will have abandoned it in coming ashore. 

	To put it shortly and concisely as I can, one's freedom from “objective” pain and distress is their boat. This includes your school work, your livelihood, you providing. This can be compared to the “basic needs” of Mazlows heirarchy. The ladder which we seek to build is self-actualization. This is the highest level of Mazlow's heirarchy or pyramid, or the self fulfillment needs. One thing I may be forgetting though, and this is a demon come to haunt me, is the needs of friendship and love and belongingness. This intimacy Mazlow identifiies as a psychological need. How am I to express this? Am I not to express this? I fear I will choose not to and then refer to some buddha dala lama compassion crap and be nice to everyone, this is the wrong path surely. In what, then, to I express this? Or is it even possible to not express this at all? Should I become a cold individual? Psychopathic? This would necessitate removing everyone from an expression of intimacy, a very dark path. Using this darkness as a default, I am now tempted to try something new. Befriend and feel intimacy for those valuable. For those who are not, be as cold and as psychopathic as the worlds most abominable killers. Express for them no compassion, no mercy. No, this is not accurate, but close. If they are to come to me, palms up and in submission, mercy and compassion must be provided. But their ego, their confidence, is something to be psychopathic towards. As long as they are not in submission, they are a nothing. That is, unless they demonstrate themselves to be of wisdom or value. This circle should be incredibly small. Including a small number of valued friend and nothing more. Even then, those with ego who are your “friends”, who are yet useless still, they will be dropped. This is the middle path. HaHA! I feel such an elation. I have discovered something. God has given me such faculties, and yet remains owner of this faculties I must be cognizant of. God, our king, owns everything. We are but action figures of his sandbox, possessions of his. We must not do what is not his will. 

	While the above was meant to be a summary, I had a realization while writing it. This paragraph, then, will be the true summary. Firsly, the protections from anxiety and what we may call “direct” suffering are your life boat.  This boat should be a beautiful masterpiece, furnished lavishly. Build it up, and do not liquidate it for pleasure. Every unjustified pleasure is a degradation of this boat. Build it high, a beautiful cruise of fundamental needs (I use fundamental instead of basic to avoid the negative connotation). Then, when this cruise is ready you will use this platform as the base of a ladder to god. This ladder is your self actualization. Don't think on it now, as you've no fathoming of what it is. In the meantime, however, there still appears a need for intimacy and love. This must be achieved through the middle path, and psychopathy used as a baseline. Those who submit to you, who prostrate themselves before you and god, you will show them mercy. You will elevate them as an ally. Of those who show ego, however, you will be cold. There will be no mercy and no compassion. Your intimacy and friendship of these people must be earned through demonstration of wisdom or value. What, then, am I to do if I encounter such a person who does not demonstrate. How am I to be cold to them. Perhaps be open and acknowledge there will not be any extra friendly relations between you. Don't respond accusingly. Though also we should not bear compassion for them. We should not wish them the best, this is to be self righteous. Firstly, do not engage them. You have no need for them, so engage them only if they do you. Then, and this is a very good idea, mimic their level of engagement, or something as a function of their level. If they do not ask how you are, in an attempt of prostration, do not prostrate yourself in asking how they are. If they ask how you are, you may ask how they are but no more than that. You do not need to reciprocate in the rate at which you reciprocate. If they initiate a reciprocation you do not initiate a new one, escelating the reciprocation. This is foolish, naïve, and nonsensical. Those who are in our circle, however, we shall engage with compassion and kindness. We shall seeek the best for them and elevate them. Let us now list who is in this circle, who is inbetween, and who is explicity out. 

	After recapping I shouldn't match their level of compassion. I should match only if they thoroughly prostrate themselves before me, if they accept a role as mututal subservience, or if they have earned my respect and it is acceptable for me to prostrate myself before them. Be kind to those who respect you or those who have earned your respect. 



