December 2nd, 2017

Day 1, 

I've essentially broken monk mode, played videogames on phone in Netanya. I've been feeling shit and unproductive lately. Physically I've been quite well considering the inflamed lymph nodes and cough along with cold showers. In my mind, however, I feel the same emotional dread and self-pity/sadness that I believe prompted me to start monk mode. This was triggered by my conversation with Matt's dad, which I reckon caused me to consider and confront the inadequacy of what I've accomplished while being in Israel. I have a lot of guilt over that, and it feels like game development may be the only way out of having accomplished nothing (by “feels” I do exactly mean feel. thinking about game development relieves an anxiety, along with giving some excitement perhaps because of the envisioned success or because of the resulting lack of general anxiety about not being assured that I will live up to an acceptable standard of success). If I develop a game, I can say I did something. Right now I would ask God for help, but it's probably there in the prayers, so I should really learn Hebrew instead. It seems necessary to me to set two goals now that must be met every day before considerations for grades or Hebrew. 1) study the prayers and what they mean, translate and break down the Hebrew. 2) do the fucking programming tutorial, one complete video per day. My mind needs to be emotionally rooted in the reality of productivity. I've just observed the lack of habit. I need to then be very strict with these goals so as to develop the habit. I must accept that I will study the Hebrew, will do the programming. Not just in symbolic language where the real action isn't fathomed, but in complete understanding and knowledge of the implications. This is my life now, like gym is my life now. 

Something else has just occurred to me. I am most able to achieve my goals and complete my intentions when I hit some sort of marginal or local rock bottom. This is because it is the potential emotions of these realizations that give me a sort of energy or force to drive toward my goals. Additionally I think faster and feel like a superhuman described in so much self-improvement literature. It isn't just a matter of maintaining proper physical existence, or any specifically physical existence for that matter. It is maintaining properly the goals set out for oneself in their, to some extent, subjective value system. But further, there is doubt and thus less proper maintenance in a value system not derived from God. Thus, the extent of this contentness phenomenon will be limited by the coefficient representing the proportion of the used value system that is derived from God. I then need to pray every day to reinforce the value system underlying the marginal decisions I make within the outlines I've created in my life. Further, praying provides the realization that ultimately triggers the emotion, but every day. What I feel right now should be how I feel at all times and it is prayer that achieves this. Prayer gives the realization and emotionally power only otherwise derived from failure and self-analysis. 

Our capacity for learning and retaining knowledge is not limited. Remember 20 words in one day doesn't mean you can't remember 20 more that same day and retain them. Theoretically the storage of the brain is incredible. Be aware of, know, pay attention to, and learn everything. It is free knowledge. Lucy remembers all the terms she hears, to some extent, because she knows from experience the mind is not limited in this way. That is the hypothesis, I'll implement it and see if it's accurate from now on. If I believe more confidently than I do now that for some reason this hypothesis is wrong, I'll come back here and correct it. (Edit March 6, unsure about this now, in truth haven't considered it in a while)

