September 12th, 2018

day 1 

4:21 pm

I've just started a new, proper Monk mode where every behavior in doubt is cast away. The indecision, the unknowing, bothers me. It is an identifiable form of suffering so it should be removed, but then is that in itself conceding to a demand of the mind rather than changing it? A question for later, but the motivation, which is passive which I'd like to label as hopeful for it's consistency, stems from the realization and acceptance that our behavior is absolutely arbitrary. Buddhism class served me well, because it had me face the arbitrariness of our existence and consequently our behavior. If behavior is arbitrary than anything to cause doubt of pursuit of God, our ideal, is to be cast away. The Buddha cast away everything in this way, and lived perhaps not the ideal but the lack of common horror. 

Just like the Buddha, I should cast away everything as far as I personally go – I should have no dependency on anything, and then be open to accepting whatever I am lead to believe is the proper path to God. In this way I pray every morning, not because it fits within my emotions to do so but because it is the correct path. Instead of holding on to my feeling of comfort or holding on to an alleviation of an emotion (anxiety being the product of not immediately doing a pressing matter), I am empty and open, a blank amorphous ball of clay to be molded however God has deemed fit to be, as per the determinations of the axioms of logic created by him.  Are we really individuals then if the ideal is a deterministic behavior? Perhaps this determinism is for an abstraction of behavior, a single category yes but not a single behavior allowing choice of equivalent idealism. 

I feel that was a bit too eloquent for the simplicity of the thought at the end, this is likely to be I'm deriving pleasure, somehow, from the perception of intelligence here or effectiveness. It makes sense though that I would be happy that I'm smarter, happy that I'm more effective. But then it more supremely doesn't make sense because existence is arbitrary. What is this metric of effectiveness, of intelligence? There is only the metric of how closely ones behavior follows the path of God. That is conflicting with some belief I still hold – an attachment I encountered that must be severed. “No” I think “ it is good to be intelligent, it is good to be more effective at what you do”. This is false, there is only adherence to the behaviors layed out by god. 

The problem arises because I've simply stated, with no coupled path to reason, that I must achieve a 4.0 . This is based on prior reason, yes, but that has aged and must be rediscovered if it is still our goal. I immediately do believe though that money is important for a good life. The power it provides gives a security, and also better enables one to follow the path of God. It better enables one to study unbothered, to study one more verse instead of preparing food or cleaning a house. The same with friendships, because they lead to money and success but only certain ones at certain times. Relationship activities that matter, that are important to the individual in question. 

But here we are sort of assuming an omniscient perspective, but perhaps we still require wisdom from others. Yes, we do as it relates to effectiveness in society. We must be wise to navigate the sea of civilization better so as to better enable us to serve God. So relationship activities as they develop the relationship and grant us wisdom are within this metric of God. Well the natural conclusion to this has now become I'm robotic. Behavior is arbitrary, so I need only act (and I already see it now – the solution) what is desirable by the metric if God, the misvot. But, as far as our ignorance is concerned, perhaps the standard metric of how other people view us is not bad. As a default act with the values that produce the popular behaviors. In other words, rely on the innate wisdom of collective human as your guide in the face of ignorance. Will clean this and paragraph it later. I am glad, it is a good break through to determining what to do (not in addressing a single problem, but simply what to do period.) 

8:05pm

So now I've become quite situated with the ideas and concepts above, the arbitrariness of our behavior, but I have now encountered a new issue. After talking, or more closely lecturing, someone on these topics and in writing down the journal entry itself, I felt a pride, a happiness. The fact this is a happiness gives us the connection to a metric and is itself the solution. I am proud, why? “Because I did something good, I was eloquent and superior in the heirarchy, I was effective”. But we need only go back 3 paragraphs to see the error. Let go of intelligence, let go of superiority. Let go. “Well, perhaps I have let go but simple wish to enjoy the pleasure without a dependency”. But to label it a pleasure is to say now is better than before, that before is worse and therefore bad. No, this intelligence of sorts I've gained through truth realization is meaningless. It is not better nor worse. It just is. Do not be happy at an event of no change. Now pause, consider and absorb these words. 



