April 19th, 2018

day 0: 

I had a wet dream, or something, last night. I was awake as I came, I first thought I was peeing. I'm not sure if im craving the pleasure or the release or both, but I'm craving something now. My dreams also were dark and terrible. I was at some event with friends and a group of midgets was there. I would taunt the midgets and run for my life as they chased me I should've been able to outrun them, but could not. Additionally, a few little kids kept on teasing me, before this (unsure if in same dream) about why I couldn't do some Jewish thing. I don't understand it, but I felt this horrible feeling at the end of all the dreams, feeling more and more shit as the night progressed. I seem eager to claim these as a manifestation of my minds failure in my dreams and then to use this as some sort of turning point, but I shouldn't be strict now more than ever because I felt like shit last night and came. I should be strict now because I always should have been, because I'm failing to fully embrace god. When I think “no, I can't remove from myself the internet and all this stimulation”, I am denying god. I am doubting the faculties with which he has presented me. 

This is the same scenario as every other failure. I doubted god. I don't want this to seem as if “theres the revelation, there's t ticket, I was doubting God now I have the knowledge and caution not to doubt him. “ I will emphasize again this is exactly the same as every other failure and if I fail again it will be the same as this failure. It can't all be the same though, if it is then you would simply fail again in the future. What will be different for next time? My resolve maybe? Have I seen some light in my dreams last night that will better enable me to withstand the struggle? No, it is a choice. There is absolute free will within humans and this time I will choose differently. This does not leave room for a comprehension of why I chose to fail in the past, but this is an absolute proof of free will – not that one was needed. I am the same person I was yesterday, and the day before, and likely for some 3 weeks now. Yet, this time I am choosing to do differently. For my happiness, for my soul, since one can only be happy if they are developing their soul. 

Further I must be cautious of tongue, for I don't know anything. No, I shouldn't be eager to display this fact – boasting about how humble I am. I should acknowledge I don't know much in every facet of my being. But what then if I get cucked, so to speak, by an arrogant buffoon who claims to know everything. Don't, reject their posed reality, but only for yourself as we are justified to do. 

My new attempt now poses an issue. How am I to handle the emptiness. The past response has always been to fill this with content, but what if I know within myself this content is poor. What will I do when I find myself at Ben's house with nothing to do on Saturday evening. I must think this through now. Is preparation really the key? But we can't prepare for everything – there must be another solution. Maybe this solution is applicable only for the small frequency of scenarios where we were not capable of preparation. If I were to become imprisoned, in a room with nothing and no one but a phone before me with YouTube videos constantly playing in loop if I want to watch them – what could I do to not watch these videos? I can always expand my knowledge of what I know by utilizing the logic potential energy in my experiences. I can meticulously go through every experience I've had, and try to learn something from it I did not recognize before. It even has a limiting factor, because if this energy is used up faster than you can accumulate it through experience, then you will be left with nothing again. What else? I should not fantasize either, as this would be to worship and idol. If God's reality is such that I am placed within a room within a compound within his world of creation than so it is- and is not me in a different place somewhere else. Journal writing, even, is capitalizing on our logical potential energy. Im starting to be convinced this is our only option, save prophecy. Perhaps prophecy is even the next step. Once our logical potential energy is exhausted, once the some core patterns of the world are discovered and no more information to be learned in the traditional manner from considering our experiences, perhaps our mind is then ready for prophecy, and we begin to hone in on the central understanding of everything available to humans. Though perrenialism garbage kind of hijacked the triangle, we can keep reforming and reforming our thought until we reach the most singular understanding which would apply to everything in the universe. 



