April 1st, 2018

day 1; 

1:30 pm (approx)

I've reset my counter again because reddit is self deceit. I lack friends. Just like porn provides an ideal and completely unreal mate, so does social media provide ideal and false friends. People with whom I associate on reddit, with whom I make jokes and engage in behaviors normally exclusive to friendship, are simply not real. This isn't to say they aren't real people, but it is not a real friendship. I don't know these people, they aren't my real friends. I assume them to conform to a mold, an "abstract class", of a friend with the minor differences and uniqueness they do present. My mind behaves as if I'm hanging out with the best of friends, with whom I share values and have a good time, but I am utterly alone. Real friendship and real acquaintanceship does not work like this, just like real sexual practice does not work like pornography. 

This morning and last night I wasted far too much time on reddit. Hours. I was escaping from reality to the world of imaginary friends, who I don't even know, just like an imaginary online girlfriend. Both parties are simply providing a service to the other, the deceit of friendship or the deceit of romantic love. A medium for us to deceive ourselves. Man should not be alone, but to be with false friends is only to secure your loneliness. When necessary, from now on, I will be alone. Perhaps to be together with another I must first learn to be truly alone. If I make myself tolerable to myself, If I, as my only friend, can occupy myself, then I can surely bring value to others. We should be strict with the tora so that we may plan ahead in light of these restrictions with our natural incentives. The natural incentive is to have friends. I will be strict with no reddit, acknowledging I should not be alone, because reddit will take me no farther from loneliness than porn will from lack of sex. Listen to your body, assume its conclusions as truth, and it will lead you to the correct path.  

I don't know why, but I'm even getting dopamine from this. I don't believe its because I think someone will be reading it. I think I'm simply coming to love myself. My conclusions make me proud of myself. I feel a deep, chest pressing happiness. Not because my life is ahead of me, though I'm sure that happiness will come with time, but because no longer am I imprisoned by this form of self deceit. With toil and time I will rid my mind of these idols, and come to embrace the world of god.

2:24 next day

So I completed all the tasks, although I only meditated for 8 minutes, did little Hebrew, and didn't translate much at all. What I did do, though, is situate myself in a context to accomplish those things better, tomorrow. I properly meditated by experiencing and observing, I niggured out the sepharia, and got a decent understanding of the hebrew I need to do. I felt much better today, both in sickness and in mind. I definitely should not go to tell aviv in an Airbnb, but also I experience fun and exciting shit in Israel, no? Tomorrow I'll have real work ahead of me. It will be as much of a challenge as today was from yesterdays existence of escape through reddit. I also am very proud of myself. I was fixated on the Arab girls speaking English and I was about to leave the gym. Then I said fuck it and went up and talked to them. The pretty girl was 26 and didn't care to talk once I revealed I'm 18, but the not super pretty one was very nice. Educated Arabs are fine. 



