January 8th, 2020


9:02 pm

Have just gotten back from the gym. 

Things have been going very well and, to an extent, very not so well. It is the not so well that has prompted me to write this journal. I say prompted but it is more nagged. I've felt it for most of the past week. Although we've been, compared to recent times, exceedingly productive and well on a diet/gym plan, there have been some problems. Of course, I refer to the more red pill social problems. The goochie goo shit with Sammy, for instance. Our prostration to our family, having resurfaced. Our moderate inability to socialize, especially emphasized by the new years party. Most of that remains. I also refer to some issues still with my productivity, after I had the hot chocolate esque drink I became very hyper and incapable of work. I've been still watching tv most nights after I've done some work in the day and am too tired to do much else. I also haven't been reading as much as I should, and have perhaps been too much on reddit. 

	As far as concerned with comparch study and things like that, keep progressing. Next project will be perhaps standup or competitive coding. Also, be strict with vim. Disable mouse=a in our vimrc, get github going, and set up vim on the pc. 

	With diet and exercise, keep going. We will yet have a body in which we can place confidence. Keep things strict, however. 2 drinks a day, period. One cappuccino and one tea latte, finish. Also, investigate possible ways to incorporate more protein into the diet. 

	With reading, we need to do more, and it can't just be when we're about to go to bed and are too tired to read well, or the content of the book wakes us up and we don't fall asleep for a while. Tomorrow, after we've woken up and showered and would normally browse reddit, lets drive to the park or somewhere and read there. That period when everyone's still sleeping so I can't use my facilities to work. 

	With people, be cognizant of over investing. Whether it's the recursion inclination or habit or whatever it is, don't over invest. This is no longer driven by an angered resentment or frustration. It's from the fact that I know it is best for me, and I also am growing increasingly apathetic towards my siblings. What do they do for me that I couldn't live without? Because I know I can't live well without respect, so unless in my subordination and prostration I receive in return something more valuable than that, the answer is to demand respect at the short term, or even long term, loss of the relationship. 

	And with that we can close the journal. No intense emotions, no deep pensive thought and analysis of “what the fuck is going on”. It's rather peaceful, almost boring. It's through the repetition of this vanilla boredom, however, that we may culminate in peaceful, powerful brilliance. 

	Closing out, there is actually another thought I want to express. The idea of we are ok, flawed as we are, is sinking in again, and I'm espousing the reality of what and who I am. When trying to sever relationships with Sammy and others, he will near violently pester me with further interaction. We can expect this violent pestering to continue as we now increase our efforts and attempt to demand respect with dedication. We must hold frame. What is this frame. “I'm ok as I am, what you say or think is silly, funny, with no impact on practical reality. I am what I am, whether that is Billy Beta or worthless slob or what have you. 



After reading some of my past journals:

In some of my most emotional and intense moments, I come back always to the fact that the ultimate pursuit must be wisdom, knowledge, understanding. It is to observe with security and peace, that is all. To understand we must act. To see we must experience. Ah, I'm feeling a slight confusion come on. Perhaps this idea is too complex or deep to address just yet. Just keep in mind our prior conclusions, our practical steps to take towards a good life, prioritizing the lack of prostration. 

	It's just been revealed to me slightly in how we might execute that defense against prostration, it's simply in the definition of what is demanding respect and what isn't. Lead. Operate on your terms exclusively. Before I was thinking in responses only. “oh no, what will he do next”, but that is the wrong thinking. I should be thinking “what will I do, what will I allow and disallow. How will I steer and captain the interaction effectively?”. Greet people, say hello, then dismiss them and move on. Simply. Don't wait for them. The Sages describe a man who greets others before they him. It's not out of politeness, it is to govern the interaction, to conquer it and operate it on one's terms. One who has the courage and desire to take the wheel often will do good for both parties, and thus this conquest of the good king is encouraged to all. I would be more than happy to submit to a competent frame if one such existed, but alas it is, almost by design, rare. And even then, I would need to be my own person. Even in consideration, it doesn't make sense in my head as a frame perfectly aligning to my own is near impossible. If not simply for momentary circumstantial differences in emotional balances. Every man is meant to captain a ship for himself. 



