December 23rd, 2019


8:47 pm

I will briefly address our mind has been lost entirely to immediate gratification and comfort. Our thought is mostly occluded. I don't know or perceive or realize as much as I can. Any greatness is no longer desired for or really fathomed. In any event, I know that I do desire that greatness and freedom, and I especially don't want to end up like my father – stuck and bitter and seemingly helpless. No way in dick do I want to believe my financial capability limits me. And so, in these few precious moments we have left, I would very much like to make something of myself. Seemingly a newfound emotional yearning toward that making of myself is rising, which is nice, but we know too well it will soon flee. When I'm left desiring to the point of physical discomfort, assorted immediate gratification, when I'm starving or nauseous or tired – how will  I behave in a way to make something of myself. The metric I think is very easily productivity, so how do I stay productive? Even if I made money with Judah, it's not really something that would make me happy or proud or accomplished – that's really just shooting arrows into the ocean until one hits a damn fish. No, I should produce and live, be en route to accomplishment and actualizing into an actual someone. Manifesting all my pent up individuality. It's not a matter of lacking individuality, it's simply putting the damn paint on the canvas. Bloody enough, just do something. 

	That expression said, without too much emotion which is perhaps good news for it's consistency, what is a practical plan of action. I know things should be considered in terms of positive and not negative benefit, but we should be off reddit and youtube and Minecraft and that sort of thing firstly. Secondly, we need to exercise, of bloody course we need to exercise – the best time to do it being when exceedingly tired as a pick me up. Thirdly, in order to facilitate that physical exertion the diet, of course, has to be right. No bullshit. Fourth, we need to get shit done. Responsibilities, tasks, whatever they may be – just push through fatigue. We've been fatigued our whole life, why? Because we succumb to it in the first place. Tell fatigue and physical limits to go fuck themselves and perhaps they will. I know for a fact we will never be as productive as we ought to be if we don't address this problem of chronic fatigue. It's not in diet, it's not in some physical attribute – it is all about the mental decision to move forward or lie down. 

	So, in conclusion

    1- No entertainment feeds/ video games

    2- Work out

    3- Eat right

    4- Battle fatigue with action. 

    5- Also, don't be a bitch. Don't interact with sisters or Sammy for a long time. Notice how hard it is – that means you really shouldn't do it that you'll experience change. 

Lets apply these new practical things right now, not in morning bullshit. It works at any time of day. Lots of things need doing, and we shouldn't rest until a time. Midnight is good. So now go home, shit, shower, and start organizing your room and belongings. Then, decide a book and start reading. Then comparch. Then bloody sleep. Break. 



