December 8th, 2019


10:20 am

The day after Christmas party. It's interesting how things have come full circle. How one persistent wrong thing in one domain ultimately manifests itself in another, as if a symptom of a sick organism. Perhaps my subconscious, desiring the explication of the problem, forced through my actions a problem to occur. I believe I got drunk out of an addiction to pleasure, but maybe it was, too, a subconscious motive to bring to the forefront the cloaked elephant in the room. I am pathetic to my frat brothers, I don't respect myself and they then don't respect me. I'm always weary of the social disparity, of the “what if they don't like me” possibility. The solution, as we know, is to escalate as much as you want – and perhaps your want should be finite – until they stop you, then take two steps back. With Rosa and Jaime and Sammy in the summer we did this in a platonic relationship scale by holding radio silence. The relationship was destroyed and built from the ground up on a new frame. I definitely need to do this with my frat brothers. Absolute radio silence. Not a fucking word. Attend chapter, initiate zero contact. It's better for all sides, as we know, but it's ok if it is done and expressed with anger or resentment for now. 

I also want to mention, I was nearly begging for a reaction to my shit, I was begging for someone to blow up at me because it communicates love and caring. No one blew up because, to that extent, no one cares. This isn't a fault, there aren't sides in that lack of caring. It is simply self-interested individuals being self-interested, just as I too am self-interested. Rejection is not an affront but a natural result of differing incentives and social market values. 

Alongside that radio silence, we also really need to work on productivity and getting shit done. How are we to be competent productive members of society, or even just financially secure, in our current lazy state? This isn't some natural disposition, this is developed and learned behavior. We should design something to mimic a work environment. Arrive at library by 9 am, take a lunch hour at 11:30, then return to work until 4, then exercise. That's 6 hours, very easy. The days should fly by and my productivity should increase, and slowly I should return to a solid state of mind and hopefully a solid state of life. Today we should focus on ensuring we have enough work, including getting everything we need to get work done.



11:48 am

Considering all these events for the past however many hours, I'm starting to feel paralyzed again. That I may get me-too'd, I may get kicked out of the frat. The scene on the roof where I took out my dick and she wasn't about it is what scares me. At the end of the day, I must face the possibility that my college career is over, that I'm kicked out of the frat, that my parents are severely disappointed with me, possibly even jail time, etc. etc. If that possibility is to happen, there is nothing I can do. It is already done. Whatever life I have is the perfection of existence as given to you by God and your past self. 

	If your life was to end now, if you were to lose everything and had to sit in a jail cell for the next however many years, you do your best and that's it. Don't be daunted by the necessity of living through a life of shit. If our soul truly lives on in a manner not dissimilar to how it exists here, it's all going to be the same in the end anyway, same as now that is. All of this thinking and worry and bla bla bla, it's all in human conception and abstraction anyway. Can't we just ignore all that and focus on the present? Is that feasible?



