May 26th, 2019


11:34 am

Last night, after going to sleep far too late, I had a dream. I had been selected because of some circumstance to enter a competition in which participants were given a “capability” value corresponding to advantage in the game. Mine was initially higher, instead of starting at 0 it was 1, and it all culminated in ultimate purpose, I believe, to the fantasy that I was “special”. A signifier of value or condition of happiness dependent on other people. I, obviously, dispelled that to the best of my ability knowing the futility as I do in such an evaluation, but I don't know if I yet see the solution for which true happiness is actually obtained, as something independent of all people, or at least their perceptions anyway as in vanity and so forth. 

	I'll leave that thought as that, but the main reason I found it necessary to write a journal, once again, was my extreme discontent, lethargy, and mental instability this morning. I felt physically ill overcome by a horrid fatigue this morning that, in spite of sleeping in, I despised nothing more than getting out of bed. I spent a large amount of time in bed on my phone, as I would often do, reading some wikepedia at first but then reading Roosh's eulogy for his sister. In truth, that is a complex jungle of a matter which is yet still entirely foreign to us. Its only use would be to detract us from our purpose right now, which is to fix our shit life. 

	A number of things are then on the agenda, and because our mind has become confused and lost purpose we will reiterate the entire plan here. 

Firstly, we must abstain from immediate gratification and dopamine pleasures, so as to accustom our mind to natural being and superior capacities of awareness that need be trained. Explicitly, for I feel some anxiety in the leeway of this decree, let us address Reddit, Wikipedia, and fiction books. Observe how their use has brought troubled and busy worry to our lives. Observe how we are unacquainted with our nature and being once again. How there is a positive poison, a barrier impeding this. They can't just be ignored, these barriers, they must be addressed. On reddit, we will just use it as a sight for research in MaleFashionAdvice as well as any other fields that suit our fancy. We may post as is useful to these research purposes only, and it may only be on the desktop. As for Wikipedia, we don't need it. Fiction novels we will exclude to shabbat, reserving for all other times non fiction (mastery, for now). 

Second, our OCD compulsion of nail biting. In brief, we will absolute refuse all compulsions as they come, cutting our nails short yet somewhat visually appealing. Also do exercises which we will determine in detail later, but for now let us look at our nails often, observe their capacity to be bitten, and the refuse to bite them. 

I've grown tired now, perhaps we'll finish when we are more mentally capable, for now with the above changes we'll just continue our same plan. 







