May 23rd, 2019


10:51 am

When we speak too much, we often get carried away by emotion. Speaking is so habitual we prostrate ourselves before our sisters in letting our tongue run loose. We use a near baby's voice when we communicate with our family. Observe, how the literal pitch changes when we talk to those family versus when we talk to strangers. Last night, as a realizing communication, Rosa and Jaime started to ridicule me. Called me annoying and the such, when I said certain things are bullshit. This wasn't, however, an attack on my idea, but an attack on my person. I, in my whole, was deemed “annoying” and this was said with a smile on the face, as if, “we think nothing of you, you are near worthless, but perhaps on occasion you are good company – though certainly not worth any effort to preserve. I will then ridicule you as I please, and I do so lightheartedly, for I don't anticipate a conflict. You will simply submit, you won't do shit.” This relationship is utterly toxic to the soul. I came to a realization last night, when motivated by this affront to think of them critically, that they don't offer much. They are feminists, deny the necessity of hard work, are entitled, and by god have the indecency to prostrate me before my very eyes. And thus, with that realization, I began to be more cold to them. More deliberate, more Machiavellian, more within my own interests. I put a flag on my thoughts, claimed them as mine. You can't have them unless I expressly permit your having them. The good faith has been breached. But, this behavior resultant from the new paradigm, this behavior is what should be held in near all interactions. 

This is, perhaps, a pre alpha stage. Territories, now, are in transition. I am conquering what I had for so many years ceded. For the moment, I will be at war in conquering this new position. What will be alpha, later, is once my claim is situated and found solid, once I have given it a worthy defense against the attackers that may come, only then might I be absolutely confident in my claim and, from this position without wanting and worry, I might exercise some compassion and good will towards them. Till this point, I need be at war. Just as is necessary in real war, there is no room for jesting or relaxation in this dominance struggle. An anxiety and a caution will be absolutely necessary. You may not, and should not, have much fun with them for a long time. Become distant, absent. 

The same is to go for Sammy. We are shit on, every day, by him. We are always torn because on one hand we want to interact with him as feels natural. On the other we can't support him prostrating us. When we become distant, observe how he even attempts to bring us back to a friendly and jesting state, by poking and making nice and the such. Why? Because by resituating that state, he maintains his power to me in the relationship. He still gets to shit on me. It is his counterattack. “You want to be respected? Watch, I will bring you back to prostrated goochie goochie play time and you will submit like the child you are. Get back to your cell, bitch, you have no back bone you have nothing but empty desires backing what you say.” We should, then, make the attack and reclaim what is not a difficultly defended position of at least self-respect. We should expect a counterattack, no question. I doubt people are wont to lose territory, even if it is of little use to them. At the very least we've shown that Sammy will fight back. This campaign is as, if not more, important than any other we're currently endeavoring upon to fix our shit life. It should be treated with an equal amount of care and caution. 

	As for how to practically implement this war, perhaps we can not speak to them, any of them, unless absolutely necessary. This may pose a number of issues, though. For one, they may try to talk to us. For now I seem burnt out, I'll finish editing here, but the campaign still requires further consideration. For now, the strategy will be this: Do not talk to them outside of logistics. This isn't to say you should necessarily assume an “I don't care” aloof attitude, that would be alpha behavior, which is perhaps not appropriate for war. No. My attitude shouldn't be “I don't care, I won't engage in conflict”. The interaction should be a battle, as is appropriate for war. Instead of saying “I'm sorry Jaime, I don't really care”. Say, with intention of readily escalating to outright illogical conflict if necessary, “Jaime, I don't care”. The problem is, we feel as if need hide the fact that we are in a campaign at all. This is not a coup; this is a conquest. There is no hiding it. Be upfront in what you are doing. Keep in mind, “I am important, what I'm doing matters more than whatever you could possibly contribute to and thus I don't care for your presence or interaction. For a long time, I have been prostrated by you. For the time being, then, you will leave me be.” Also, further keep in mind that we aren't to talk to them like a pussy, that is, as if they are a child out of behavior. No, acknowledge them for what they are, warriors and my past lords. Treat them with a respect, and to this figure of respect, proclaim, “I am taking what has been yours for too long, what I have a right to, and that is the respects of my person.”

 

