August 1st, 2019


10:41 pm

I just got back from Evyatars bbq. I left this event with a sour feeling in my stomach. My subconscious, I think, was communicating something is wrong. What I felt was that I wasn't connecting, perhaps at all, with Evyatar or Segev or anyone there, really. I felt very alone. With people who don't value me. That same loneliness and despair I felt as a sperg, as someone with no skills and no love. I don't quite know if it was a problem with them or a problem with me. With whom do I confide, I suppose, is the real question. My emotions now are so raw, I'm feeling nearly overwhelmed in what? Shame? I don't know. Again, I feel that yearning for the love of a woman, not necessarily because I so desire a woman, but because I know it means acceptance. Being all alone, I'm maybe yearning for a place in society, and this is, to some extent, what a woman provides. You become a team. 

	Need I simply become content with myself alone? But what use is you if no one else likes you? I feel like an isolated caricature, forever to act a role in submission to others. Perhaps I wasn't being “real” at this event, and perhaps I need to be what I want to be, who I want to be, even when nothing comes to mind of what I should be. All this talk of a purpose and it's seeming I forgot mine already. I think what was maybe happening was I was too caught up in the routine. Basing my actions of purpose on faith of a general principle of sorts. That sort of, “talk to people, be social, interact, bla bla bla”. The why behind why I chose this habitual principle to begin with has been lost, and with it the nuanced focus has gone off track. I've stopped taking shit, it's true, and this is a good thing. But possibly I've also discovered therein from people's reactions that I am not inherently so valuable, and thus I have no real partners in life. 

	Well, of course people won't value you when you aren't bringing value but going haphazardly through conversational routine aimlessly. I am feeling now a certain anxiety. I have no friends in whom I can truly and completely confide, and I therefore have no mode of expression and acceptance of who I am. I cannot, however, rely on others for my innermost dependencies. The only person wholly interested in you is you, and it is then with myself that I must confide, and God. 

	If all these people were to go away, to disappear. If I was face to face with oblivion and God, with no one but myself and He, even then I must be content. For is this not the base, the foundation upon which my everything relies? And thus again we are taken to the need for purpose. A life condition whose retroactive fulfillment is my condition for happiness, that I recognize as my primary, with others in interactions being secondary to that. In the absence of a God I would select this as “What do I want?”, but in His presence I acknowledge this as 100% overlap of both what I want and what He wants. But how should I judge his desires for me, in determining what I desire for myself? I need to provide value, in career, for one. Not just something as a subjective value to others, but a value that I recognize as I guess legitimate. I'm met again by that feeling I felt starting the 2d game engine project, that I'm worthless. Embarking on a goal will, perhaps, give me worth. Solving difficult problems, ones truly difficult not just nominal and useless goals. We're not going to find this goal concretely, not yet anyway. But we do need to recognize that it is this goal towards which we must strive and nothing else, even if we can't articulate that goal quite yet. To that end no one else matters. Again, confronting that I am alone in my pursuit, as is everyone in theirs. To the extent these individual goals overlap, perhaps, we interact, but to seek this fulfillment in others is to repel them, they having no interest in our goal and knowing we are on the wrong path in pursuing them with this. As far as habitual convention is concerned in the avoidance of conflict we interact in disagreement with this truth, but emotionally and subconsciously this is felt. 

	The conclusion this exploration is heading towards I think is this, that there is some purpose for which I must live and be unashamedly self-occupied in completing. Towards this aim I must strive with everything in my power. I must put all else under this goal, whether they people, pleasure, or anything. Especially relevant in light of tonight's experience is subjugating people to this end, and communicating on your terms. The proper path being circular in this sense, leading to success in all other avenues, your interactions with people will become better. Acknowledging the true nature of a good relationship, utilizing each other for mutual benefit of our individual goals, or meanings, will make people attracted to you, for your meaning will then overlap with theirs. When you pursue your meaning in these people, however, the lack of overlap is blatant, and your value to them is no more. 

	Again, we arrive at the need of something concrete, for though it is good to recognize a purpose to which we ignore all else insofar as it doesn't contribute to this purpose, we must have some basic criteria with which to practice this behavior. Well, and perhaps this is a workaround but perhaps it is legitimate none the less, what if our purpose is *to find a purpose*. To that end we might explore things, work hard in things that seemingly do provide us value, at least in monetary gain and, therefore, means of a purpose's pursuit, as well as things that are of general benefit, such as looking good, having sex and a viable romantic life, and learning Hebrew, a means to study Judaism which will certainly be a vital tool towards that purpose's end. 

Some things to keep in mind of a purpose might then be this:

    • To make money, that I have means necessary to pursue this purpose I must demand of myself. – and further to invest in a great money making asset, my mind, through “academic” pursuits of computer science. 

    • To be healthy that I have the physical capacity to pursue this purpose.

    • To learn Hebrew that I can consume content that will help me to find this purpose. 

A key here is that I must demand of myself the pursuit of this purpose, and further that I must demand I subjugate others in and to this pursuit. A request of something that would derail me, of something that does not at all contribute. No. I must reject it, I will clench my chest, ground myself in my core, and prepare for all necessary conflict that may come as a result of rejecting this off-setting force. I am going to pursue this purpose. That is what is going to happen, if you choose to strike do your damn worst I will obliterate you or die trying. I will pursue my purpose with absolute optimal effort, no matter what you do. 

	And it is thus we pursue that purpose in now going to sleep, pleased with the wise conclusions God has granted me. Whereas my intense emotion was first of anxiety, it is now of love for God. I wish to grant Him the highest praise. I am sick with love for God and I am happy. Thank you. 



