August 11th, 2019


12:54 pm

Again, I'm dealing with a form of nihilism. I am sort of lost in my mission again, especially in the specifics of what to do as a personal project or free time. I have found, however, that I should definitely pursue standup. I've also found though that at least lately my social skills have been way off in that I'm talking too much as we observed before. I'm not teaching philosophy though, this time I've just been entertaining. It really all aligns. We've been “shit on” for so long that we can no longer afford to be talking more than the other person. See if they want to talk to you about things. If they don't, they aren't worth your time. We learn from others when they speak, not when we do. It is an over-defense, but a necessary one until we can be adequately fortified. 

Back to the issue of our nihilism, we will remind ourselves we're pursuing a sort of wisdom, to perceive truly, and that it is the pursuit and progress toward this goal that brings us the absence of much suffering that we may find a contentment, along with the fulfillment of these needs in themselves. Further, that mastering the physical aspects of life, addressing the needs common and essential to all men is the first step in achieving any sort of prophecy. These needs being our health/diet/exercise, our work capability, and our social success with both men and women. One sure aspect of our short term plan is keeping our diet and exercise program. Another is keeping the mind clear that it may think adequately and, very importantly, pursue the creative ideas and products which provide for us career potential or personal enrichment. 

To that end, we need to once again cut out entertainment feeds. In short, we can't be happy when consuming them because we will always suffer when our mental acuity is weakened as a result, and when we are so fatigued that all progress toward anything enriching or career providing comes to a screeching, ugly halt. Even if we need suffer bored the whole day only to do a small amount of work, we can go to the next day knowing we made some progress and not feeling a need to upheave our program of stagnation. 

As far as interpersonal relationships go, we must continue to cold approach and standup, that sort of thing, but also be strict when interacting with others, especially men. Strict perhaps isn't the best term, but cognizant of the reality of the dynamic. There's zero reason we need to take shit. A lot of people like us, a lot of people value us, like a lot. If people don't demonstrate an interest in talking to you, don't demonstrate an interest in talking to them. 

Practically speaking, what we'll do today then is perhaps meander and relax still, maybe cook something, but work towards a project. Also clean the room. Further investigate coding, that sort of thing. Do errands, to do list stuff. 





To conclude the motivation bits. 

Why we shouldn't consume the entertainment feeds:

We can't be happy when consuming them because we will always suffer when our mental acuity is weakened as a result, and when we are so fatigued that all progress toward anything enriching or career providing comes to a screeching, ugly halt. Even if we need suffer bored the whole day only to do a small amount of work, we can go to the next day knowing we made some progress and not feeling a need to upheave our program of stagnation. 

Why we should stick to our diet/exercise program:

Mastering the needs of our life is a necessary prerequisite to prophecy, and we must then feel healthy and look good so we might attract women and better address that need.



