November 10th, 2017

Day 9, 

I've come to realize the experienced depression I felt last night and now is because of a lack of use and application of my “genius”, being the subconscious pattern recognition that is the source of brilliant ideas or acknowledgements of the concealed reality. (By “genius” I'm defining a mental process, not boasting about a personal genius, hence the quotation marks). I believe now that the genius is vital to one's sense of worth and personal identity. I need to pursue activities that activate and use the genius in order to feel I have an individual value again. These activities are also likely the things I'm naturally good at. 

This is later in the day now. I should mention that the depression was allowed, however not initiated, by lack of application of the genius. My emotional state prior was that of an underlying depression however that depression could not be pushed to the side with immediate emotional response and self-deception (ie ignoring the impending reality or emotion by populating your existence with action and very superficial emotion) because I was not properly accompanied by the friend who convinced me to come in the first place.

Also, regarding attaining women through fulfillment of one's life, the most immediately ascertainable aspect of a man is likely that he is happy in the immediate level. Women, and likely the men as well, perceived my marginal unhappiness and this associates with a lack of confidence, somewhat in yourself as the unhappiness is internalized and not blamed on a separate entity and, somewhat in your decision and life direction, that you know at the very least what is best for you. The practical application of this is conscientiousness – think about what's next and don't do what you don't want to do! Conscientiousness will ultimately lead to higher perceived, and real, confidence. 

“Judge people by who they are today, not by what you know of them from the past.” The guy from the kibbutz appeared to, over long periods of thought and interaction, have discovered many important aspects of maintaining and developing relationships. One of those things I could gather was the above quote. It seems obvious that people are constantly changing yet we often may not acknowledge this in our relationship behavior. It is thus important to continuously run a check for who it is you're talking to. Eli today is different from Eli yesterday. 

