March 24th, 2018

day 7: 

7:14 pm

I forgot to journal yesterday because of Shabbat, which has been very significant. I resigned, and mostly succeeded, to fully follow Shabbat. I texted matt once to tell him I wasn't texting on Shabbat, and plugged in my phone (unsure). Regardless, I spent most of that time reading and with myself and have realized things through Faur's book based on my previous realization of self-deceit and based on being alone with those thoughts. Firstly, self deceit is not merely harmful to the soul, it is idolatry. By subscribing to a false reality, a human made reality, we are rejecting the reality of god, the one true reality. The myth of reality only existing in our perception of reality directly contradicts with Judaism and further encourages such idolatry. The poet, through "charming" (as Faur puts it) the people into subscribing to a false reality, has them worship and follow an idol of his creation. This idea isn't my own, but that of Philo and I likely heard it before, but this is the first time I've truly comprehended it. Thus an analphabetic society cannot grasp god because it cannot grasp reality, the only domain in which we can find god, or rather what he is not. 

Second, when one abandons the false idols of self deceit made to "save" people from bearing to experience the reality of God, there is a darkness. This overwhelming darkness is likely the result of being accustomed to idols of human fantasy as well as the lack of knowledge or training in the Tora as a result. This view was confirmed when Faur, too, referenced a darkness. When I removed all that I now acknowledged as idolatry, as self deceit, as not a part of my future, I found that much of my previous goals revolved around something other than god. When I removed sex, movies, TV, pleasure of all forms other than god and accept there is nothing but god in the ideal future, the darkness appears. If you do not understand god and then remove everything that is not god you are left with nothing except a faint light, so unbelievably faint that you wouldn't even call it a light. It is a shade of slightly redder darkness than the surrounding darkness. 

It is then evident that this darkness is the true reality, completely inevitable. But further, that it is so dark and so far from illumination, that the prospect of going back to the idols of fantasy and not working to illuminate it is terrifying. All of this was written based on memory, so it isn't completely an accurate representation of my thoughts at the time. As I read the chapters of Horizontal Society again I will come back and edit this entry. 

11:28

I don't know what happened, but after writing my journal I totally collapsed. I ate a pizza and my stomach then hurt, I browsed reddit, further hiding from reality, and even considered looking at the old nudes of girls from omegle and the such, which would have assuredly led to masturbation. I need to sleep and to be healthy. I need my mind working. 

1:47

Definitely did not want someone to talk to on omegle lol. Nearly relapsed. Will go on Reddit now, then go to bed. 



