March 12th, 2018

day 1: 

7:11 am

Perhaps it's a bit unfair to myself, but I reset the day counter since I was watching movies while sick – even though I maintained nofap 6 extra days than the day counter.

7:54 pm

Just had an idea while avoiding laughing and trying to be productive by reading software engineering book. - When reading with music it feels as if the normally present negative space that allows for consideration, manipulation, understanding, and critical reading is filled by the music. You can immediately easily assign abstractions, understanding what is being read.  This is why some like listening to music while studying. They're filling the negative space to make the reading in question sort of cookie cutter, acquiring a face value understanding of what is being said and nothing more. This may be faster but lacks true understanding. It is this method that most easily and immediately enables you to know and follow the route while  ignoring everything in the map, blocking your peripheral vision with music. This is consistent with college kids listening to music while reading or studying. They don't need, nor want, to look out the window and the surrounding landscape. All that matters is the route I'm taking and recreating this route, though no true knowledge of the map is gained. A line, a route, has no area. 



11:53 pm

I ate some cereal with milk today although I was specially allowing myself some carbs. Tomorrow this stops, will gym Wednesday normal schedule.  I also didn't do any Hebrew homework or translation. Today was a busier day on top of seeing a need and working most of the time on restructuring the code once more, reorganizing the classes. This is causing me anxiety since I feel unsure of how to reorganize classes still. What responsibilities to what, what variables should I include in each new class, etc. Because I'm unsure, continue reading and finding sources. Ease your anxiety in the knowledge that this change is inevitable and doing it now is better than later. I will not have a 2000 line player class. It also seems fit I should make a sick regimen for when I'm sick and how to be most productive during that time. Still unsure of game reorganization as well. 



