October 11th, 2019


9:01am

I opted to write this in the journal because I don't want that same frame of damage report, I need to settle my thoughts freely. Since I've been sick, really, things have been shit. I've been gaining fat, I haven't been able to work out, the only saving grace has been the frat. Except, they don't even fucking like me. To my pledge brothers I'm a clown. To the brothers I'm fucking weird. I don't give a shit anymore. And no, I shouldn't have in the back of my head “oh, now I won't give a shit and then they'll like me”. No, fuck that. Do not stay where you aren't welcome, ever, ever, ever. It's not fucking worth it. We are feeling again first hand that shit, bottom of your gut, feeling of prostration and it's not worth it. Either the people in the frat like me, or they fucking don't and they can fuck right off and I get back to the individuals who do like me. 

	In truth this past week and a half since I've been back has culminated into an inevitable and perhaps rightful depression. I haven't done anything worth anything, I don't have many real friends at this time, and my prospects with women are certainly in the toilet. I think this calls for a monk mode. Social attendance and focus will be relegated to what is necessary for the frat, nothing more. The focus becomes inward, on myself. I need to get my shit in order, do things I want to do, further my own career, my own prospects, my own peace of mind and contentment. 

	Naturally, this involves lifting. All this repressed frustration need be expressed. Further, I need to be improving my physique again. It very frankly pissed me off to be fat right now. I'm wasting my shit away at this frat while my body literally deteriorates. No, that is not the mission. We don't sacrifice the fucking mission. At the end of the day, it is all you have. I don't have friends of the fraternity, I don't have women, I don't have nothing except God. And the mission is the pursuit of him to some extent. It is what I want to do with my life to feel content. You only have your own decisions, and deciding to do something that matters is the only thing that matters, fuck everyone and anyone else. 

	My cravings for candy and crap are also an enemy. An enemy to my happiness, an enemy to the prospect of an end of suffering. Not worth it. As much as we'd love to starve and say fuck you to it all, however, we need to eat. Stick to a system. Yogurt with Ezekiel, you're hate of it will maybe even let us express this darkness in your heart. Darkness as a loss of faith near totally in others and the systems they provide. Regardless, a system must be made. A designed default of the food I eat and that's it. Something doable and providing proper nutrition. 

	Further if there is any happiness or even peace in my current moderately depressive state it is in the clarity with which I now see my life. What the priorities are, what must be done, and what must be avoided. It is known to us that the various entertainment feeds will steal from us this clarity. They will cloud our thoughts and judgements that we don't see what is directly before us, that we waste away in a good little blind box, blind to the life that is being destroyed by our misbehavior. Imagery of a drunken man regressing to a baby comes to mind. Totally oblivious and very clearly malcontent, but he just doesn't know. He cannot see what is the truth before him. I must keep this lens clear, no matter what. I very desperately don't want to fall to the same patterns of last year, of mediocrity and suffering. I want to be buff and looking excellent, but further I want to have much success in my career, in programming. I want to make money and eventually study torah. All of those things are material gain and are ultimately meaningless. The clarity with which we perhaps now see things, that is all that matters. So long as we maintain this clarity we might live out our days observing. 



